# Asking-for-Help-Might-Just-Land-You-that-Dream-Job
The job market has changes and too much competition has influenced it. To find the right job, we need to optimize everything, including the CV. Twenty, perhaps even ten years ago, getting a job with a self-written CV would’ve worked but that’s not the case today. It took a long time for my dad to understand that.   Dad wanted to get away from the dense city life in London and move to a quieter place. He already had a house in mind and thought that in a smaller town, he might get a job easily. He was proven wrong when even after a few months, there were no job offers available.  After all, while the population of smaller towns might be low, the number of available jobs was low as well.   A Professional CV Helped  Dad had an impressive career and had taken the pains to grow and keep up with the times. His former CV didn’t adequately display that. Yes, he had listed down all his educational qualifications and his experience. I believed that the former shouldn’t be as stressed as the latter. He disagreed. He was very proud of his Trinity college education.   Finally, I decided to take the matter into my own hands. I researched online before uploading dad’s CV to The CV Site. The expert there spotted the same problems that I did and some more.  After a few days, he contacted me and let me know that the CV was ready. When I received it, I could immediately tell the difference.   His level of experience, his work on different kinds of projects, and all other good qualities stood out. His Trinity College education also got a moment to shine and now, the CV was more balanced. I showed the new and improved document to my dad and I knew he was impressed, even if he wouldn’t admit it.   He applied for jobs with the new CV and after a few weeks, the results were before him. Much to his surprise, he had three interviews lined up. After the interview rounds, he reluctantly admitted to me that I had made the right decision. Now he’s happily away from London, working in a company that suits him.  As you see, just getting a CV written professionally can have a massive impact on your career. Companies like <a href="http://www.thecvsite.co.uk/contact-us">The CV Site</a> and other such CV writing services help you by proving CVs that work.  
